otelgrpc: Remove code that has no effects in stats handlers (#4773)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- Add metrics support (No-op, OTLP and Prometheus) to `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/exporters/autoexport`. (#4229, #4479)
- Add support for `console` span exporter and metrics exporter in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/exporters/autoexport`. (#4486)
- Set unit and description on all instruments in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp`. (#4500)

> - Add metric support for `NewClientHandler`, `NewServerHandler` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc`. (#4356)

Reviewer: How about an `and` instead of a comma, since there are only two values?

```suggestion
- Add metric support for `NewClientHandler` and `NewServerHandler` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc`. (#4356)
```

> - Add metric support for `NewClientHandler` and `NewServerHandler` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc`. (#4356)

Reviewer 2: Why is this change from a past release being made here?

Author: Opportunistic. I can revert it.

Author: ```suggestion
- Add metric support for `grpc.StatsHandler` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc`. (#4356)
```
